Let's discuss the Free Tier options that are available to us for DynamoDB.
DynamoDB charges per gigabyte of disk space that your table consumes.
The first 25 GB consumed per month is free.
You get 200 million requests per month through 25 write
capacity units and 25 read capacity units.
I'll be explaining read and write capacity,
and how you set them in the next module.
We have the ability to deploy our DynamoDB tables in multiple regions.
Having tables in multiple regions can help when
thinking about disaster recovery.
For example, if an AWS region went down due to network or hardware issues,
we would still have our table or tables in another region.
AWS regions are basically data centers that are located around the world.
We'll be covering more about regions shortly,
and don't worry too much if any of this information or the
terms don't make much sense at this stage.
We'll be covering these in more detail as we go through the course.
If you want to learn more about what Free Tier options are
available for both DynamoDB and other AWS products,
then you can head along to aws.amazon .com /free.
Here is where we can see a full list of products and
services that are offered by AWS for free.
By default, we are showing the FEATURED Free Tier options.
To see all products and services,
we can either select the 12 MONTHS FREE option where we are shown
a full list of Free Tier options that are available to us for the
first 12 months of our subscription.
Or we can select the ALWAYS FREE option.
These will show us what products and services that are always free,
even after the first 12 months of your subscription.
And as you can see, DynamoDB is in the ALWAYS FREE list, which is good news for us.